Update Leetcode/README.md (#1225)
TheAlgorithms/C: leetcode/README.md

4. Doxygen documentation isn't used in LeetCode solutions. Simple/small documentation or comments should be fine.
5. Don't include libraries/headers such as `stdio.h`. Your file should be the solution to the problem only.

> (There was a requirement to update the `leetcode/DIRECTORY.md` file with details of the solved problem. It's not required anymore. The information about the problem fetched automatically throught the leetcode api.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**
> There was a requirement to update the `leetcode/DIRECTORY.md` file with details of the solved problem. It's not required anymore. The information about the problem is fetched automatically throughout the LeetCode API.
```

This is how it would look.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/51391473/221957100-24a45c27-386a-4a20-85ce-327103366c01.png)

4. Doxygen documentation isn't used in LeetCode solutions. Simple/small documentation or comments should be fine.
5. Don't include libraries/headers such as `stdio.h`. Your file should be the solution to the problem only.

> ### 📜 Adding your new solution to the list 📜

Reviewer: We should probably mention that it is no longer required to do this, but still keep it in there just in case. What do you think?

Author: yes, good idea!

Reviewer: Feel free to re-add the section again and add a note. We can always improve it later on. :)

Author: Fixed :)
